Allow to set source fields from a new `build.source` block (#9291)
hashicorp/packer: website/pages/docs/from-1.5/blocks/build/index.mdx

---
description: >
  Something

  Something
layout: docs
page_title: build - Blocks
sidebar_title: <tt>build</tt>
---

# The `build` block

`@include 'from-1.5/beta-hcl2-note.mdx'`

The `build` block defines what builders are started and what they will do.

`@include 'from-1.5/builds/example-block.mdx'`

The list of available builders can be found in the [builders](/docs/builders)
section.

It is also possible to create and use [custom
builders](/docs/extending/custom-builders). There is also a list of [community
builders](/community-tools#community-builders).

> Note that it is possible to set fields of a build block directly from the

Author: 💯  I agree re-reading this I read 'build block block build block build build block' 🦆 . I'm rephrasing this better

> Note that it is possible to set fields of a build block directly from the

Author: Okay, I moved the info a bit higher, I hope this is better !

---
description: >
  The source block defines what builders are started.
layout: docs
page_title: build - Blocks
sidebar_title: <tt>build</tt>
---

# The `build` block

`@include 'from-1.5/beta-hcl2-note.mdx'`

The `build` block defines what builders are started, how to `provision` them
and if necessary what to do with their artifacts using `post-process`.

`@include 'from-1.5/builds/example-block.mdx'`

Define [top-level `source` blocks](/docs/from-1.5/blocks/source) to configure
your builders. The list of available builders can be found in the
[builders](/docs/builders) section.

To use builders in a `build` block you can either: 

* Set the `sources` array of string with references to defined sources.

* Define [build-level `source` blocks](/docs/from-1.5/blocks/build/source) or

> `sources` to use builders. This also allow to set specific fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sources` to use builders. This also allows you to set specific fields.
```
